(1) - WhatisReact-Js?

Ans -  React Js is a javascript library. It is use to create UI(User Interface). It is developed by Jordan Valke in 2011. He was working for facebook. React is a open source langauge.

(2) - Advantage of React -Js ?

Ans - 

	(i) - It is use in single page application
	(ii) - It is component base coding 
	(iii) - React has Virtual DOM and Actual DOM

(3) - Disadvantage of React -Js?

Ans - 
	(i) - It is Learning curve language
	(ii) - 

(4) -  What is the extention of React Js ?

Ans - .jsx is extention of react js and .jsx is to write combine code of html and js code.

(5) - There are two types of command in React js :- 1 - npx, 2 - npm 

(6) - ALways use js code before return

(7) - What is component?

Ans - Components are independent and reusable bits of code. They serve the same purpose as JavaScript functions, but work in isolation and return HTML. Components come in two types, Class components and Function components.

(8) - Lifecycle of Components :- Mounting, Updating, Unmounting

(8) - What is Hooks?

Ans - Hooks allow function components to have access to state and other React features. Because of this, class components are generally no longer needed. Hooks are a function which is used with functional components to handle and manage the states and side-effects. So state is mutable or changeable. {useState} is Hooks which is use to manage the state and it is used in react

(9) - What is Props?

Ans - Props is an object which is a way to pass data from parent to child component.

(10) - Write Difference between class component and functional component

Ans -(1) - Class Component

	  i - 
	  ii - Code Simplicity
	  iii -

(9) - Types of Hooks:-

	i - useState
	ii - useEffect
	iii - useRef


(10) - Which tag is use in react but not visible in html element?

Ans - React.Fragment(<></>) 

(11) - Difference between Controlld component and Uncontrolled component

Ans - Controlled Component :- The 

(12) - What is object.key?

Ans - Object.key is use in the array of form which keep key outside of the object.

(13) - What is HOC ?

Ans - HOC(Higher Order Components) means a component which takes another component as a Props and returns different component. And takes a component as an input and give a component as an output.